README.md, before:

## Conferences

| Date | Venue | City | Talk |
|-|-|-|-|
| 2014-08-08 | Scala by the Bay | San Francisco CA | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ25N5KLfGM) |
| 2014-11-15 | PNWScala         | Portland OR      | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg56PCiPguw) |
| 2015-01-30 | NEScala          | Boston MA        | [F-Bounded Polymorphism](https://newcircle.com/s/post/1717/f_bounded_polymorphism_marconi_lanna_video) |
| 2015-03-17 | Scala Days       | San Francisco CA | [Anatomy of a Modern Play Application](https://www.parleys.com/tutorial/anatomy-modern-play-application) |
| 2015-05-23 | Lambda Conf      | Boulder CO       | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVXxBAfriII) |
| 2015-05-23 | Lambda Conf      | Boulder CO       | [Idiomatic Scala: Your Options Do Not Match](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol2AB5UN1IA) |
| 2015-06-09 | Scala Days       | Amsterdam, NL    | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.parleys.com/tutorial/whats-new-since-programming-scala) |

## Meetups

| Date | Venue | City | Talk |
|-|-|-|-|
| 2013-03-19 | Toronto Scala User Group | Toronto | Abnorm: A better non-ORM |

Commit message:

2015-08-15 Scala by the Bay: Powerful and Elegant Scala One-Liners

README.md, after:

## Conferences

| Date | Venue | City | Talk |
|-|-|-|-|
| 2014-08-08 | Scala by the Bay | San Francisco CA | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ25N5KLfGM) |
| 2014-11-15 | PNWScala         | Portland OR      | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg56PCiPguw) |
| 2015-01-30 | NEScala          | Boston MA        | [F-Bounded Polymorphism](https://newcircle.com/s/post/1717/f_bounded_polymorphism_marconi_lanna_video) |
| 2015-03-17 | Scala Days       | San Francisco CA | [Anatomy of a Modern Play Application](https://www.parleys.com/tutorial/anatomy-modern-play-application) |
| 2015-05-23 | Lambda Conf      | Boulder CO       | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVXxBAfriII) |
| 2015-05-23 | Lambda Conf      | Boulder CO       | [Idiomatic Scala: Your Options Do Not Match](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol2AB5UN1IA) |
| 2015-06-09 | Scala Days       | Amsterdam, NL    | [What's New since Programming in Scala](https://www.parleys.com/tutorial/whats-new-since-programming-scala) |
| 2015-08-15 | Scala by the Bay | San Francisco CA | Powerful and Elegant Scala One-Liners |

## Meetups

| Date | Venue | City | Talk |
|-|-|-|-|
| 2013-03-19 | Toronto Scala User Group | Toronto | Abnorm: A better non-ORM |
